* Flat file backend
  * YAML+Markdown
  * Stored in git
    * Provides history and authorship
* Granular access control
  * Default deny
  * Users can belong to groups
  * Subject can be given permissions on object classes or specific objects
    * Whole file/document, just body text, specific fields in the YAML
      * Need to apply to history: don't leak historival values of fields the user does not have read permission for!
  * Read/write
  * Permissions DB is just another document in the system!
* Autosave edits
  * But require persisting changes with a commit message, like git ???
* API server with slick JS frontend
  * ClojureScript all the way down :)
* Cards interface for UI
* Zettelkasten-like linking
  * Autogenerated ID for documents?
* Live updates pushed into browser (easy enough with WebSockets)
* Notifications system
  * Can @-mention users in documents, add a user as a field value (eg for ticket systems)
  * Can subscribe to updates on particular documents, or particular keywords?
    * Can be implemented as a saved search/filter on the global activity/updates feed
* Search
  * Full-text
    * Can implement via file system?
    * Need to be aware of user permissions, not return results they should not be able to see!
  * Field existence
  * Field value
    * Complex, working with multiple data types :thinking:
* Extensible: can build new applications/features on top using YAML fields
  * Eg calendar. Can add `calendar/starts-at` key to a document to make it act like an event, which could trigger reminders via email etc.
    * System starts to operate on behalf of the user, do we need capabilities?
* Calendar
  * Reminders
    * Email
    * Push notification to browser
  * Invite non-users?

